tools, readme: adjust Lightning docs for the latest version (#799)
pingcap/docs: tools/lightning/deployment.md

> **Notes:** `tidb-lightning` is a CPU intensive program. In an environment with mixed components, the resources allocated to `tidb-lightning` must be limited. Otherwise, other components might not be able to run. It is recommended to set the `region-concurrency` to 75% of CPU logical cores. For instance, if the CPU has 32 logical cores, you can set the `region-concurrency` to 24.

## Export data

Use the [`mydumper` tool](../../tools/mydumper.md) to export data from MySQL by using the following command:

```sh
./bin/mydumper -h 127.0.0.1 -P 3306 -u root -t 16 -F 256 -B test -T t1,t2 --skip-tz-utc -o /data/my_database/
```

In this command,

- `-B test`: means the data is exported from the `test` database.
- `-T t1,t2`: means only the `t1` and `t2` tables are exported.
- `-t 16`: means 16 threads are used to export the data.
- `-F 256`: means a table is partitioned into chunks and one chunk is 256 MB.

> - `--skip-tz-utc`: the purpose of adding this parameter is to ignore the inconsistency of time zone setting between MySQL and the data exporting machine and to disable automatic conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--skip-tz-utc`: the purpose of adding this parameter is to ignore the inconsistency of time zone setting between MySQL and the data exporting machine, and to disable automatic conversion.
```

Download the TiDB-Lightning package (choose the same version as that of the TiDB cluster):

- **v2.1.0**: https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-lightning-v2.1.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz

> - **v2.0.9**: https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-lightning-release-2.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz

Reviewer: Perhaps also "2.0.9" in the link?

    enable = true
    # The schema name (database name) to store the checkpoints
    schema = "tidb_lightning_checkpoint"
    # Where to store the checkpoints.
    #  - file:  store as a local file.
    #  - mysql: store into a remote MySQL-compatible database
    driver = "file"
    # The data source name (DSN) indicating the location of the checkpoint storage.
    # For "file" driver, the DSN is a path. If not specified, Lightning would
    # default to "/tmp/CHECKPOINT_SCHEMA.pb".

>     # For "mysql" driver, the DSN is a URL in the form of "USER:PASS@tcp(HOST:PORT)/".

Reviewer: Please also update the description as mentioned above.

    # already exist on the target TiDB cluster, and will not execute the `CREATE
    # TABLE` statements
    no-schema = false

>     # the character set of the schema files; only supports one of:

Reviewer 2: should we clarify what is `schema files`?

>     #  - utf8mb4: the schema files must be encoded as UTF-8, otherwise will emit

Reviewer: Please add a subject between "otherwise" and "will".

    #             errors

>     #  - gb18030: the schema files must be encoded as GB-18030, otherwise will

Reviewer: Ditto

    #             emit errors

>     #  - auto:    (default) automatically detect if the schema is UTF-8 or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #  - auto:    (default) automatically detects whether the schema is UTF-8 or
```

>     #             GB-18030, error if the encoding is neither

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #             GB-18030. An error is reported if the encoding is neither.
```

    # tidb-lightning imports TiDB as a library and generates some logs itself.
    # This setting controls the log level of the TiDB library.
    log-level = "error"

    # Sets the TiDB session variable to speed up the Checksum and Analyze operations.
    # See https://pingcap.com/docs/sql/statistics/#control-analyze-concurrency
    # for the meaning of each setting
    build-stats-concurrency = 20
    distsql-scan-concurrency = 100
    index-serial-scan-concurrency = 20
    checksum-table-concurrency = 16

    # When data importing is complete, tidb-lightning can automatically perform
    # the Checksum, Compact and Analyze operations. It is recommended to leave
    # these as true in the production environment.
    # The execution order: Checksum -> Analyze
    [post-restore]
    # Performs `ADMIN CHECKSUM TABLE <table>` for each table to verify data integrity.
    checksum = true
    # Performs compaction on the TiKV cluster.
    compact = true
    # Performs `ANALYZE TABLE <table>` for each table.
    analyze = true

    # Configures the background periodic actions
    # Supported units: h (hour), m (minute), s (second).
    [cron]

>     # Duration between which Lightning will automatically refresh the import mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Duration between which Lightning automatically refreshes the import mode
```

    # status. Should be shorter than the corresponding TiKV setting.
    switch-mode = "5m"

>     # Duration which the an import progress will be printed to the log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Duration between which an import progress is printed to the log.
```

    # for the meaning of each setting
    build-stats-concurrency = 20
    distsql-scan-concurrency = 100
    index-serial-scan-concurrency = 20
    checksum-table-concurrency = 16

    # When data importing is complete, tidb-lightning can automatically perform
    # the Checksum, Compact and Analyze operations. It is recommended to leave
    # these as true in the production environment.
    # The execution order: Checksum -> Analyze
    [post-restore]
    # Performs `ADMIN CHECKSUM TABLE <table>` for each table to verify data integrity.
    checksum = true
    # Performs compaction on the TiKV cluster.
    compact = true
    # Performs `ANALYZE TABLE <table>` for each table.
    analyze = true

    # Configures the background periodic actions
    # Supported units: h (hour), m (minute), s (second).
    [cron]
    # Duration between which Lightning automatically refreshes the import mode
    # status. Should be shorter than the corresponding TiKV setting.
    switch-mode = "5m"
    # Duration between which an import progress is printed to the log.
    log-progress = "5m"

    # Table filter options. See the corresponding section for details.

>     [black-white-list]

Reviewer 2: should we also comment it?
